what's up guys acts got here with a
hyrule historia book The Legend of Zelda
it's published by dark horse ebooks and
Nintendo I'm going to set it down right
here and I don't really do videos like
this but this is a really cool really
cool collectible it's shrink wrap so of
course my my first inclination is just
leave it as such but I really trying to
get away from from collecting stuff in
that manner and egon what's up what's up
he's loving the box it came in and so
yeah that's under the shrink wrap you
can get this I got this an amazon for
like twenty bucks 21 bucks or something
the the price is right here you know
that's that's what it costs canada and
US dollars are very close right now but
you know i do think that this will have
a true collectible value if that's what
you're in it for I've did this for me
you know three years ago I would have
probably bought two of these and kept
one of them like sealed away I'm trying
to fight those type of impulses though
but this is a really cool book on its
own at least from what i read i'm gonna
kind of unveil it reveal it right here
right now for the first time and i'm not
going to go to too much detail he's kind
of want to show you what this product is
like let's undo the shrink-wrap really
quick oh my god okay let me let me just
get that off camera ok here we go get
most of it off saving the final parkour
video yeah he gone hey you go okay so
here it is a very handsome cover start
green has like some foil and bossman of
all sorts of Zelda symbolism and I
inside you know this is what you're
gonna find it here is concept art and
story involving tons of the games like
right here this is Skyward Sword you
know you might remember that and I don't
know if it's arranged chronologically or
what this is my first time seeing it as
well different games you know from let's
see which game is this is this one waker
no this is 0 this is the crumpet the
chronology here but this is all Skyward
Sword stuff and you gotta get into some
chronology and you get into you know
winwaker territory twilight princess
territory just page through all sorts of
really cool stuff you got some zelda
manga style comics you got some just
just little factoids about Zelda all
throughout images of all the games and
what they look like and and stuff like
that characters the way Zelda look
through all the games all sorts of cool
stuff like this and again this is a
legend that's pretty cool and I guess
you got to read that backwards I don't
know for sure maybe I was that would be
my guess yeah yeah stop is the back of
the manga yeah so anyway a really cool
handsome style book I'm sorry I'm just
kind of going through a really quick
honestly if this is this is a good
companion to a neat for any zelda fan to
use for the zelda games lots of cool
story line stuff again i haven't read
over it myself so i can't give a review
about what it is but just for my initial
impressions this is a very solid book
it's gonna you know be really helpful in
understanding how old is el de games
tied together and again tons of artwork
tons of story tons of tidbits tons of
factoids tons of stuff like that pick it
up for yourself i'm not like making any
money advertising this or anything i'm
just saying you know as a zelda fan i
may not be the biggest selda fan but I
do appreciate the game has been with me
since my childhood and if you're a zelda
fan uh then check it out I think it's
pretty cool Zelda I rule his story
you